I pursued a double major in chemical engineering and biological engineering from Montana State University before getting my PhD in biomedical engineering at the University of Rochester. My PhD thesis focused on the development of microfluidic devices for the isolation and profiling of circulating tumor biomarkers for bladder cancer and resulted in multiple publications and patents.

After graduating, I did my postdoctoral fellowship at Harvard Medical School/Massachusetts General Hospital in the Center for Systems Biology under the supervision of Dr. Ralph Weissleder. My projects focused on the use of bio-orthogonal chemistries for spatial transcriptomics applications, looking specifically at the intratumoral gene expression within lung cancer and head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.

I left academia to work in industry and have a more direct impact on patients' lives. I have have expertise in assay development, molecular biology, risk assessment and failure modes and effects analysis as well as scientific and medical writing with over 15 published papers and multiple conference presentations. I have a passion for communicating scientific topics and advances, with a focus on making the science accessible for non-technical audiences. I host the **Built from Curiousity** podcast, where I interview engineers across different fields and ask them how they got to where they are right now. I also continue to work in engineering and research where I apply my diverse expertise to bring the next generation of medical devices, diagnostic platforms and therapeutics to those that need them the most. 